[PC-1117] Arduino Opta: Opta compatibility update for Arduino and Modbus article (#852)
arduino/docs-content: content/learn/05.communication/07.modbus/modbus.md

## Use Modbus with Arduino

> Now that you have learned about the basics and functionalities of Modbus, it is time to talk about how you can use your Arduino to establish Modbus communication across devices. You can use your Arduino either as a controller or as a peripheral device depending on the setup. To make your life easier you can use the [Arduino Modbus library](https://www.arduino.cc/reference/en/libraries/arduinomodbus/) which allows you to implement the Modbus protocol over two different types of transport: serial communication over RS485 with RTU or Ethernet and WiFi communication using the TCP protocol. Because the Modbus library is dependent on the [RS-485 library](https://www.arduino.cc/reference/en/libraries/arduinors485/), you must include both of them in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have learned about the basics and functionalities of Modbus, it is time to talk about how you can use your Arduino to establish Modbus communication across devices. You can use your Arduino either as a controller or as a peripheral device depending on the setup. To make your life easier you can use the [Arduino Modbus library](https://www.arduino.cc/reference/en/libraries/arduinomodbus/) which allows you to implement the Modbus protocol over two different types of transport: serial communication over RS485 with RTU or Ethernet and Wi-Fi communication using the TCP protocol. Because the Modbus library is dependent on the [RS-485 library](https://www.arduino.cc/reference/en/libraries/arduinors485/), you must include both of them in your code.
```
